README.md, before:

# cview - Terminal-based user interface toolkit
[![GoDoc](https://gitlab.com/tslocum/godoc-static/-/raw/master/badge.svg)](https://docs.rocketnine.space/gitlab.com/tslocum/cview)
[![CI status](https://gitlab.com/tslocum/cview/badges/master/pipeline.svg)](https://gitlab.com/tslocum/cview/commits/master)
[![Donate](https://img.shields.io/liberapay/receives/rocketnine.space.svg?logo=liberapay)](https://liberapay.com/rocketnine.space)

This package is a fork of [tview](https://github.com/rivo/tview).
See [FORK.md](https://gitlab.com/tslocum/cview/blob/master/FORK.md) for more information.

## Demo

`ssh cview.rocketnine.space -p 20000`

[![Recording of presentation demo](https://gitlab.com/tslocum/cview/-/raw/master/cview.svg)](https://gitlab.com/tslocum/cview/tree/master/demos/presentation)

## Features

Available widgets:

- __Input forms__ (including __input/password fields__, __drop-down selections__, __checkboxes__, and __buttons__)
- Navigable multi-color __text views__
- Selectable __lists__ with __context menus__
- Modal __dialogs__
- Horizontal and vertical __progress bars__
- __Grid__, __Flexbox__ and __tabbed panel layouts__
- Sophisticated navigable __table views__
- Flexible __tree views__
- Draggable and resizable __windows__
- An __application__ wrapper

Widgets may be customized and extended to suit any application.

[Mouse support](https://docs.rocketnine.space/gitlab.com/tslocum/cview#hdr-Mouse_Support) is available.

## Applications

A list of applications powered by cview is available via [pkg.go.dev](https://pkg.go.dev/gitlab.com/tslocum/cview?tab=importedby).

## Installation

```bash
go get gitlab.com/tslocum/cview
```

## Hello World

This basic example creates a TextView titled "Hello, World!" and displays it in your terminal:

```go
package main

import (
	"gitlab.com/tslocum/cview"
)

func main() {
	app := cview.NewApplication()
	
	box := cview.NewTextView()
	box.SetBorder(true)
	box.SetTitle("Hello, world!")
	box.SetText("Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet")
	
	app.SetRoot(box, true)
	if err := app.Run(); err != nil {
		panic(err)
	}
}
```

Examples are available via [godoc](https://docs.rocketnine.space/gitlab.com/tslocum/cview#pkg-examples)
and in the "demos" subdirectory.

For a presentation highlighting the features of this package, compile and run
the program in the "demos/presentation" subdirectory.

## Documentation

Package documentation is available via [godoc](https://docs.rocketnine.space/gitlab.com/tslocum/cview).

An [introduction tutorial](https://rocketnine.space/post/tview-and-you/) is also available.

## Dependencies

This package is based on [github.com/gdamore/tcell](https://github.com/gdamore/tcell)
(and its dependencies) and [github.com/rivo/uniseg](https://github.com/rivo/uniseg).

## Support

[CONTRIBUTING.md](https://gitlab.com/tslocum/cview/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) describes how to share
issues, suggestions and patches (pull requests).

Commit message:

Add code.rocketnine.space migration notice

README.md, after:

!!! cview has moved to [code.rocketnine.space](https://code.rocketnine.space/tslocum/cview) !!!
====

Please visit https://code.rocketnine.space/tslocum/cview

------------

# cview - Terminal-based user interface toolkit
[![GoDoc](https://code.rocketnine.space/tslocum/godoc-static/raw/branch/master/badge.svg)](https://docs.rocketnine.space/code.rocketnine.space/tslocum/cview)
[![Donate](https://img.shields.io/liberapay/receives/rocketnine.space.svg?logo=liberapay)](https://liberapay.com/rocketnine.space)

This package is a fork of [tview](https://github.com/rivo/tview).
See [FORK.md](https://code.rocketnine.space/tslocum/cview/src/branch/master/FORK.md) for more information.

## Demo

`ssh cview.rocketnine.space -p 20000`

[![Recording of presentation demo](https://code.rocketnine.space/tslocum/cview/raw/branch/master/cview.svg)](https://code.rocketnine.space/tslocum/cview/src/branch/master/demos/presentation)

## Features

Available widgets:

- __Input forms__ (including __input/password fields__, __drop-down selections__, __checkboxes__, and __buttons__)
- Navigable multi-color __text views__
- Selectable __lists__ with __context menus__
- Modal __dialogs__
- Horizontal and vertical __progress bars__
- __Grid__, __Flexbox__ and __tabbed panel layouts__
- Sophisticated navigable __table views__
- Flexible __tree views__
- Draggable and resizable __windows__
- An __application__ wrapper

Widgets may be customized and extended to suit any application.

[Mouse support](https://docs.rocketnine.space/code.rocketnine.space/tslocum/cview#hdr-Mouse_Support) is available.

## Applications

A list of applications powered by cview is available via [pkg.go.dev](https://pkg.go.dev/code.rocketnine.space/tslocum/cview?tab=importedby).

## Installation

```bash
go get code.rocketnine.space/tslocum/cview
```

## Hello World

This basic example creates a TextView titled "Hello, World!" and displays it in your terminal:

```go
package main

import (
	"code.rocketnine.space/tslocum/cview"
)

func main() {
	app := cview.NewApplication()
	
	box := cview.NewTextView()
	box.SetBorder(true)
	box.SetTitle("Hello, world!")
	box.SetText("Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet")
	
	app.SetRoot(box, true)
	if err := app.Run(); err != nil {
		panic(err)
	}
}
```

Examples are available via [godoc](https://docs.rocketnine.space/code.rocketnine.space/tslocum/cview#pkg-examples)
and in the "demos" subdirectory.

For a presentation highlighting the features of this package, compile and run
the program in the "demos/presentation" subdirectory.

## Documentation

Package documentation is available via [godoc](https://docs.rocketnine.space/code.rocketnine.space/tslocum/cview).

An [introduction tutorial](https://rocketnine.space/post/tview-and-you/) is also available.

## Dependencies

This package is based on [github.com/gdamore/tcell](https://github.com/gdamore/tcell)
(and its dependencies) and [github.com/rivo/uniseg](https://github.com/rivo/uniseg).

## Support

[CONTRIBUTING.md](https://code.rocketnine.space/tslocum/cview/src/branch/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) describes how to share
issues, suggestions and patches (pull requests).
